>>QUESTIONS:>>1- line 259: did you estimate the difference or the signal/background ratio if PID >>is not applied?No, we didn’t estimate the difference. We think that it’s common method to apply PID cut for psip -> pi+pi-jpsi decay mode.
>>2- Section 6.1: if I understand correctly, you have used the M^rec_pipi MC signal >>shape determined from the decay channel psi2S—>pipiJpsi, Jpsi—>e+e-, is it >>right?It’s right.>>The reason is that “Since the di-pion emission occurs independently of the >>subsequent Jpsi decays, the di-pion recoil mass shape can be taken from any >>cleanly determined Jpsi decay”.>>Have you verified this sentence? Can you provide some fast check?We think it’s clear here, and some previous analysis used the same method such as BAM-42:http://docbes3.ihep.ac.cn/DocDB/0000/000078/004/notice_v1.pdf （at the bottom of Page 19）>>3- Equation (7): are also subtracted the 3877 events (add also the corresponding >>uncertainty) estimated from topology study?>>If yes, specify this at line 461.Yes, and we have update the sentence “After subtracting the expected background due to jpsi to 2B decays from…” to “After subtracting the expected backgrounds from…”>>4- Equation (15): why you decide to write the last term in Eq. (15) even if it is zero?>>Does it mean that the related uncertainty is zero? The last term of value "0" means that both of neutron/anti-neutron are out of the (analysis)acceptance,so that their contribution to the difference between MC&Data is 0.>>5- Systematic uncertainty associated to nnbar:  the new uncertainty is 41.5%, >>while in the previous analysis is was about 25%.>>If I understand correctly, this difference is due to the fact that now is used the >>psi(2S)—>p nbar pi- decay mode instead of Jpsi—>p nbar pi- to evaluate these >>uncertainty, is it right?Yes. We got different results from different decay modes. We also have studied the Jpsi->p nbar pi- decay mode in App.A, but we did’s get the same result as Chi (25%). Our result is 57.5%.>>6-In the momentum range (1-1.5) GeV/c (figure 55) there is a strong difference in >>shape between data and MC.>>Do you have a fast explanation of it?>>STYLING SUGGESTION:>>7- section 3.2: add also information of the Boss version used We have shown that “This analysis is performed under BOSS 203 version 6.6.4p03.” in line 197.>>8- figure 7: from previous memo version, the peak at about 0.5 MeV/c2 in the >>dipion invariant mass is due to the non-pipiJpsi events.>>Can you also add the corresponding distributions?>>9- figures form 11-26: the there is no correspondence between the legend and the >>figures:>>“Signal MC” should be labeled with red line (instead of magenta), and the >>continuum contributions is never shownActually there is correspondence between the legend and the figures.Signal MC: the little difference of color maybe comes from that the color of the background of Signal MC is not white.Continuum contributions: we have shown the continuum contributions, but the continuum contributions are almost 0 in the process of jpsi to mu-mu.>>10- caption of figures 48, 49: I don’t understand the caption… in particular what is >>the meaning of “find” and “all” in the X-axis is not clear from he caption.